Recordedfuture listapi v1.1.0 (#27761)
demisto/content: Packs/RecordedFuture/Integrations/RecordedFutureLists/README.md

| list_names | Freetext name to search for. | Optional | 
| contains | Filter lists based on entity types, will only include lists with the entity types specified. Default value "" includes all types. Possible values are: entity, source, text, custom, ip, domain, tech_stack, industry, brand, partner, industry_peer, location, supplier, vulnerability, company, hash, operation, attacker, target, method. | Optional | 
| limit | Limits the amount of returned results. | Optional | 

> | include | Include all search results, default is to exclude all lists owned by System user. Possible values are: all. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| include | Include all search results. Default is to exclude all lists owned by the system user. Possible values are: all. | Optional | 
```

***
Add entities to a list, separate entities by commas. "NOTE:" if entity type is specified, only one entity type can be added with each action.

> When adding using IDs use the following for Recorded Future light entities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding IDs use the following for Recorded Future light entities:
```

| list_id | Id of the list that should be added, can be found by running !recordedfuture-lists-search with the corresponding filters or in the Recorded Future portal. | Required | 
| entity_ids | Specific ids from Recorded Future separated by comma, For urls containing commas: replace comma with %2C. | Optional | 
| freetext_names | Freetext names will be matched to Recorded Future ids separated by comma, this alernative will add the best match in the Recorded Future data. For urls containing commas: escape with %2C. | Optional | 

> | entity_type | Type of the entities that should be added, use together with freetext_names to improve entity resolution. Possible values are: ip, domain, malware, url, hash, cve, company, person, product, industry, country, attack-vector, operation, mitre-identifier, malware-category. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| entity_type | Type of the entities that should be added. Use together with freetext_names to improve entity resolution. Possible values are: ip, domain, malware, url, hash, cve, company, person, product, industry, country, attack-vector, operation, mitre-identifier, malware-category. | Optional | 
```

| RecordedFuture.List.Entities.id | String | Unique id of the entity in Recorded Future | 
| RecordedFuture.List.Entities.input_value | String | The value inputted to the command | 
| RecordedFuture.List.Entities.action_result | String | Entity specific result for the action | 

### recordedfuture-lists-remove-entities

***

> Remove entities from a list, separate entities by commas. "NOTE:" if entity type is specified, only one entity type can be added with each action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove entities from a list. Separate entities with commas. "NOTE:" If entity type is specified, only one entity type can be added with each action.
```

> When adding using IDs use the following for Recorded Future light entities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding IDs use the following for Recorded Future light entities:
```

+ IPaddress: "ip:x.x.x.x"
+ Domain: "idn:example.xyz"
+ Hash: "hash:examplehashvalue"
+ Email: "email:example@example.xyz"
+ Url: "url:https://example.xyz"

#### Base Command

`recordedfuture-lists-remove-entities`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | list_id | Id of the list that should be removed, can be found by running !recordedfuture-lists-search with the corresponding filters or in the Recorded Future portal. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| list_id | ID of the list that should be removed. Can be found by running !recordedfuture-lists-search with the corresponding filters or in the Recorded Future portal. | Required | 
```

> | entity_ids | Specific ids from Recorded Future separated by comma, For urls containing commas: replace comma with %2C. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| entity_ids | A comma-separated list of specific IDs from Recorded Future. For URLs containing commas, replace comma with %2C. | Optional | 
```

> | freetext_names | Freetext names will be matched to Recorded Future ids separated by comma, this alernative will remove the best match in the Recorded Future data. For urls containing commas: escape with %2C. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| freetext_names | A comma-separated list of freetext names to be matched to Recorded Future IDs. This will remove the best match in the Recorded Future data. For URLs containing commas, escape with %2C. | Optional | 
```

> | entity_type | Type of the entities that should be removed, use together with freetext_names to improve entity resolution. Possible values are: ip, domain, malware, url, hash, cve, company, person, product, industry, country, attack-vector, operation, mitre-identifier, malware-category. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| entity_type | Type of the entities that should be removed. Use together with freetext_names to improve entity resolution. Possible values are: ip, domain, malware, url, hash, cve, company, person, product, industry, country, attack-vector, operation, mitre-identifier, malware-category. | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| RecordedFuture.List.Entities.name | String | Name of the entity in the list | 

> | RecordedFuture.List.Entities.type | String | The Recorded Future entity type resolved during the action | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordedFuture.List.Entities.type | String | The Recorded Future entity type resolved during the action. | 
```

> | RecordedFuture.List.Entities.id | String | Unique id of the entity in Recorded Future | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordedFuture.List.Entities.id | String | Unique ID of the entity in Recorded Future. | 
```

> | RecordedFuture.List.Entities.input_value | String | The value inputted to the command | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordedFuture.List.Entities.input_value | String | The value inputted to the command. | 
```
